Ministry of India needs to decide on FDI Proposal application within how many days?
60 days 

Which article of the Indian Constitution gives freedom to form a trade union?
Article 19(1) 

Full form of SSI:
Small Scale Industries 

Which one of the following does not contribute to overall revenue?
The value of inbound services on which reverse fee tax is charged 

The following items should be included in the supply value:
All of the above. 

Which section of the Competition Act, 2002 enlists abuse of the dominant position?
4 

Under the provision of SARFAESI Act 2002 which of the following is not part of the measures for assets reconstruction?
None of the above 

International trade and domestic trade differ because of:
All of the above 

The small scale industry can enjoy the status of:
Export oriented unit 

Along with the World Bank and IMF, WTO is the third economic pillar.
International Monetary Funds (IMF) 

Generally, entrepreneurship involves risk.
High 

What duties are taxes on intra-State supplies?
CGST and SGST 

An agreement among the companies at the same level of the production chain is called:
Horizontal agreement 

Central Government may by notification supersede the Commission for such period:
not exceeding six months 

Full form of DIC is:
District Industries Centre 

As per the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act which of the following actions is not sexual harassment?
Meeting in the cabin of the office 

Which one is not the main objective of Fiscal Policy in India?
To increase liquidity in economy 

Which of the following concepts was not a part of the economic reforms under New Economic Policy?
Centralisation 

Which of the following is true about Business Environment?
All of the above 

Macro environment Includes:
All of the above 

When a provider is obligated to pay for under the advance charge that will be the delivery time of services?
The day the service is completed or when profit is earned, whichever comes first 

Which business dimension is highlighted in the line, "As a result, the authorities"?
Legal 

Who has power to exempt enterprise, practice or agreement from application of Competition Act?
Central Government 

The difference between a country's imports and exports of goods and services is:
Export-Import Balance 

What types of orders can be passed by Commission after inquiry into agreements?
All of the above 

The three disputes of FDI are over:
Interest 

The importance of fiscal policy in a country like India is that:
All of the above 

Which of the following is not a factor that affects consumption patterns?
All above 

Competition Bill became an Act after receiving assent from the President on:
13th January 2003 

The number of industries reserved for the public sector was reduced from 17 to:
08 

Which of these institutions is not a part of the World Bank community?
WTO 

What is the general concept of business ethics?
The way of doing business should be fair and honest. 

What is the primary mode of satisfying customer needs?
All of the above 

Limit of FDI for private security agencies in India?
0.74 

Which of the following is not a component of social environment?
None of these 

GST stands for Goods and Services Tax, and it is a tax system that covers:
Goods and Services 

Registration of trademarks is mandatory under the:
Trademark Act 1999 

The Commission can make a reference to a statutory authority for opinion when an issue:
May arise during the course of proceeding before it, either at the behest of a party or on its own 

Which of the following is international trade?
Trade between countries 

Which of the following is not a part of the revenue receipts for the Government of India?
The receipts from disinvestment of public sector undertakings 

Which are examples of agreement?
All of the above 

What are also known as Rural industries?
Cottage industry 

A worker who has been employed in an office for more than a year but dismissed without notice can claim relief under:
Industrial Disputes Act, 1947 

Which of these financial sector reforms were introduced in India under the New Economic Policy?
Reduction in the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) and Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) 

How to show the role of government in business?
Positive 

What is the full form of IPR:
Intellectual Property Rights 

Who investigates the contravention of provisions of FEMA 1999?
Enforcement Directorate 

What is the central economic goal of the Competition Policy?
Preservation and promotion of the competitive process 

What is the percentage share of medium enterprises in MSME?
0.005 

Which of the following is the best explanation for "Capital Gains Tax" in India?
It is a tax levied on the profits from the sale of a capital asset during the financial year. 

For which of the following, the asset reconstruction company shall obtain prior approval of the RBI?
For any substantial change in its management. 

One of the most significant fiscal policy objectives in India is to bring the revenue and expenditure into balance. How does the government achieve that objective?
All of the above 

Under the provision of SARFAESI Act 2002, where a transaction of securitisation is completed, it shall be filed with:
Registrar of Central Registry 

Small Enterprises should have annual turnover of at least Rs:
50 crores 

Which of the following is part of the village and small scale industries?
All of the above 

In foreign trade, an adverse balance of trade occurs when:
Export < Import 

What is the timing of voucher provision when the supply may be traced back to the voucher?
The date on which the voucher could be issued 

The highest CGST rate legally permitted for intrastate supplies is:
0.2 

How many industries were reserved only for the public sector before the deregulation of the industrial sector in 1991?
17 

Which of the following is included as a part of the capital budget for the government of India?
All of the above 

Among the following options, which one is not the objective of the WTO?
To improve the balance of payment situation of the member countries 

Which of the following is the correct meaning for the revenue deficit?
It is the difference between revenue expenditure and revenue receipts 

Limit of investment in a small scale industry is:
5 crore 

The economic reforms under the New Economic Policy of 1991 were made so that:
Market forces would drive the economy towards development and growth 

What is the minimum number of members to be appointed by the Commission?
2 

Which of the following theories suggests that firms seek to penetrate new markets over time?
Product cycle theory 

Which of the following cannot appear before Commission?
Regular Banking Officer 

What is foreign direct investment?
Tangible goods 

What reductions from the transaction cost are permitted?
Customer discounts, subject to terms and restrictions. 

CCI shall not initiate an inquiry into a combination after the expiry of:
1 year